Reconstruction of ServiceControl menu (#5437)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/hardware.md

### Scale out

If it is not possible to scale up ServiceControl to handle system volume, partition audit processing between multiple instances of ServiceControl. See [Multiple ServiceControl Instances](distributed-instances.md) for more details.

### Turn off full-text search

> Even though it can be extremely valuable to be able to search for specific messages based on their content, updating the full-text index requires a considerable amount of CPU as well as disk-space. The ability to turn off full-text search is done in the ServiceControl Management Utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though it can be extremely valuable to search for specific messages based on their content, updating the full-text index requires a considerable amount of CPU as well as disk space. The ability to turn off the full-text search is available in the ServiceControl Management Utility.
```
